Add title case style guideline (#35990)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/style/style-guide.md

The copy is called a "fork". | The copy is called a "fork."
{{< /table >}}

### Use title case for page titles {#title-case-titles}

{{< table caption = "Do and Don't - Use title case for page titles" >}}
Do | Don't
:--| :-----
Kubernetes API Server Bypass Risks | Kubernetes API server bypass risks
Configure a Security Context for a Pod or Container | Configure a security context for a Pod or container
{{< /table >}}

> 

Reviewer: Can we clarify that this is just for the title in the front matter, and not for headings within the page?

Reviewer 2: Should this convention apply to all titles, page and heading? I dont think that we have a guideline for headings (i couldn't see it in the style guide, please point it out to me if its there already) but it seems to be the general convention that we use in headings as well

Reviewer: We [write headings (not titles) in sentence case](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#headings).

Reviewer: The guidance on page titles could link to the advice on headings, maybe also vice versa?

Author: Might be a good idea to merge the titles section into the heading section, call it "Headings and titles" maybe, and clarify what works where. 

And I'd still like us to discuss changing the guidance for titles to use sentence case as well, but perhaps as a separate issue. The 5 votes that got in Slack arent many though

Update the title in the front matter of the page or blog post. | Use first level heading, as Hugo automatically converts the title in the front matter of the page into a first-level heading.
Use ordered headings to provide a meaningful high-level outline of your content. | Use headings level 4 through 6, unless it is absolutely necessary. If your content is that detailed, it may need to be broken into separate articles.
Use pound or hash signs (`#`) for non-blog post content. | Use underlines (`---` or `===`) to designate first-level headings.
Use sentence case for headings in the page body. For example, **Extend kubectl

> with plugins** | Use title case for headings in the page body. For example,

Reviewer 3: Bold tags appearing as text in preview.

**Extend Kubectl With Plugins**

> Use title case for the page title in the frontmatter. For example,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Use title case for the page title in the front matter. For example,
```
We refer to front matter as two words in other places in this doc.

`title: Kubernetes API Server Bypass Risks` | Use sentence case for page titles

> in the frontmatter. For example, don't use

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
in the front matter. For example, don't use
```
